docs: ai updates (#74388)
metabase/metabase: docs/ai/mcp.md

Metabase includes an [MCP (Model Context Protocol)](https://modelcontextprotocol.io/) server (using Streamable HTTP transport) that lets AI clients connect directly to your Metabase, all scoped to the connecting person's permissions.

> # Enable MCP server

Author: moved from settings doc

_Admin > AI > MCP_

MCP server and Agent API settings live on their own subpage. From **Admin > AI**, open the **MCP** tab in the left sidebar.

Use the **MCP server** toggle to turn external access to the [MCP server](./mcp.md) on or off.

### Supported MCP clients

Under **Supported MCP clients**, switch on any clients you want to allow:

- **Claude** (Claude Desktop and Claude on the web)
- **Cursor and VS Code**
- **ChatGPT**

Toggling on a client automatically adds that client's sandbox domains to Metabase's CORS allowlist, which is what lets browser-based MCP clients make cross-origin requests to your Metabase.

Some clients run outside the browser (like Claude Code on your own machine) and don't need a CORS allowlist entry. You can connect those clients without toggling anything on (assuming you've turned on the main MCP server setting).

### Custom MCP client domains

> If you run a self-hosted MCP client or one that isn't in the supported list, add its domain to the **Custom MCP client domains** field. Separate values with a space, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run a self-hosted MCP client, or a client that isn't in the supported list, add the client's domain to the **Custom MCP client domains** field. Separate values with a space, for example:
```
